c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomatolog\Stomatolog.Console\obj\Debug\Stomatolog.Console.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomatolog\Stomatolog.Console\bin\Debug\Stomatolog.Console.exe.config
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomatolog\Stomatolog.Console\bin\Debug\Stomatolog.Console.exe
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomatolog\Stomatolog.Console\bin\Debug\Stomatolog.Console.pdb
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomatolog\Stomatolog.Console\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomatolog\Stomatolog.Console\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomatolog\Stomatolog.Console\bin\Debug\Stomatolog.Domain.dll
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomatolog\Stomatolog.Console\bin\Debug\Stomatolog.Domain.pdb
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomatolog\Stomatolog.Console\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomatolog\Stomatolog.Console\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomatolog\Stomatolog.Console\obj\Debug\Stomatolog.Console.exe
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomatolog\Stomatolog.Console\obj\Debug\Stomatolog.Console.pdb
C:\Users\nzhhg6\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Stomatolog\Stomatolog.Console\bin\Debug\Stomatolog.Console.exe.config
C:\Users\nzhhg6\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Stomatolog\Stomatolog.Console\obj\Debug\Stomatolog.Console.exe
C:\Users\nzhhg6\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Stomatolog\Stomatolog.Console\obj\Debug\Stomatolog.Console.pdb
C:\Users\nzhhg6\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Stomatolog\Stomatolog.Console\bin\Debug\Stomatolog.Console.exe
C:\Users\nzhhg6\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Stomatolog\Stomatolog.Console\bin\Debug\Stomatolog.Console.pdb
C:\Users\nzhhg6\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Stomatolog\Stomatolog.Console\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\nzhhg6\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Stomatolog\Stomatolog.Console\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\nzhhg6\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Stomatolog\Stomatolog.Console\bin\Debug\Stomatolog.Domain.dll
C:\Users\nzhhg6\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Stomatolog\Stomatolog.Console\bin\Debug\Stomatolog.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\nzhhg6\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Stomatolog\Stomatolog.Console\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\nzhhg6\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Stomatolog\Stomatolog.Console\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\nzhhg6\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Stomatolog\Stomatolog.Console\obj\Debug\Stomatolog.Console.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
